Hello. Good evening.
Good evening, sir. Good evening.
Yeah, good evening sir. Good evening.
So how are the things going on?
All good, sir. Okay,
sir, had you checked that, uh, quiz question, sir?
There was a mistake from our side.
So they'll take care of giving the marks.
Uh, our will take care.
Okay, so how many has joined?
23 sir,
This score says around how many people?
60. Nearly.
Uh, above 80, sir.
Above 80. The time
of 6 35.
Let me start. So today I'm having something called
the first algorithm of reinforcement learning
in the policy gradient.
I will show you by the help of a Python notebook.
This algorithm is called reinforce algorithm.
This is the first algorithm of
policy gradient.
So, so let me share the screen.
So this is the tutorial that I'm going
to follow today from hugging face.
I will share you this link in, uh, so
just type hugging face tutorial for reinforcement learning.
You will get this page.
This is the main page, introduction
to Deep reinforcement learning.
Okay, so like, uh,
Q learning, deep Q learning.
Everything is available here.
So I'll go over policy gradient using PyTorch.
This is a document that I'm going to refer to them.
All of this has already been explained to you
for last two to three classes.
So this one is called Reinforce learning,
reinforce Algorithm.
The algorithm name is Reinforce algorithm.
This is the fast, uh, policy gradient based algorithm.
This is also called monteon Inforce Algorithm.
Okay, so let go
just to have some kind of brief touch up
with the previous topics.
So in case of, um, policy gradient based method,
this is a very important thing for all of you to remember.
What is the difference between, uh, like Q learning
and policy gradient based method?
The difference is basically Q learning comes under value
based approximation.
Uh, why? It is called value based.
Because we are using a target
which is already coming from another neural network
to train New York policy network.
We have seen it is using two neural network.
So the target network is
getting the value from a value based algorithm.
Either it can be TD learning
or it can be TD Lambda learning like that.
Okay? And
after that you have a policy network that you are training
by the help of this target value coming from
the value based learning.
On the other hand, policy-based, the based
or can say policy gradient mechanism.
In this case, we directly try to
optimize the policy itself.
We don't try to take help of the value function.
So here you can see that this is the difference.
Our objective here is to maximize the expected, some
expected sum of discounted reward, okay
for IT policy.
And then we update the policy every time Parameterized,
uh, this is also called parameterized stochastic policy
because we are going to formulate the policy
by the help of a neural network.
So we have a neural network with parameters by which we can,
uh, formulate the policy.
Okay? From next class onward,
I will get into something called actor critic method.
Okay? Actor critic method is basically, it is a mix
of this policy gradient and value-based technique.
So in case of actor critic network, we are going to use,
we are going to use a policy network trained
by policy gradient,
and we have a value based network which is used
for a critic, a person who is a critic
of evaluating the action of the actor.
Okay? So here is clearly deference between policy based
and policy gradient.
Before that there is difference between value-based
and policy based, which is, you know, here.
So you look at in case of value-based network,
we have a objective that is minimizing the loss
between predicted and target value.
Okay? In case of policy gradient network, we don't do that.
So policy gradient method, it
has objective function.
That is, yeah.
So for a particular example, I'll get into it later.
So what is a basically policy?
Policy means probability of taking any action.
What a particular state is, which are we are going
to take the help of neural network.
So this action that is chosen at a state
of ace is also depending on a network
with parameter called theta.
Okay? So that is what is called pi theta is.
So what is the overall objective
of policy in gradient policy In gradient?
The objective is you have to find out
the action which action is helping to increase your
expected sum of discounted reward, okay?
In other way, whatever return you are getting from the last
state, that is the final state, the actions
that you have taken sequential
for all the previous states, okay?
Which action has increased your expected reward, that is
what we are going to increase the
probability for that action.
That is the main objective, which is retain award here.
So the training loop is basically
it is you collect an episode.
For a policy episode means
you have a state action reward, state action reward.
It'll go on until you complete the last, uh, I mean
until you reach the final state.
So for every state, you may have a reward,
you may not have a reward, but the final state is
going to have some reward.
That reward may be a positive, it can be negative, okay?
So you collect the reward for a given policy, okay?
Then what you do, whatever action you have taken
for reaching the final state, okay?
If the reward is positive, you increase the
actions probability.
If the reward is a negative reward,
then you decrease the probability of the action
that you have taken for every state.
So that is the main, I mean brief in brief,
this is the job they're going to do
for every policy gradient mechanism, okay?
In our uh, course, we are going
to have only two remaining thing.
One is called actor gradient, uh, actor critic method.
Today I'm teaching this reinforce is a very basic algorithm.
Then I will be teaching actor critic method.
Then the final one is called proximal policy optimization.
Then the course will end.
Okay? So all of this are al already been given
to you for many times.
This is the objective function.
Objective function is basically
every time the objective function, do not change.
It is you have to increase the expected sum
of discounted reward
for all the episode that you are having.
As I told you, have a one episode like this, draw that,
uh, let me show you whatever
policy gradient plus note.
Yeah. So this is what is an episode.
Episode looks like this.
So this episode stands for from the timestamp zero
to timestamp, capital T,
whatever states you have gone through.
Okay? So it's not is a starting state a not
easier starting action.
S one is the state that you're reaching at times.
Step one, A one is at times step one,
what action you have taken.
Now this a no, A one A to all of this can be one
of these four element left, right, up and down.
Okay? So if this is the policy, let's say this is my policy.
Now under this policy,
if I roll out one episode, one episode can be like this.
I am currently starting the game from s not I have taken
a left action, okay?
Then I may be reaching, if I take a left action,
I may be reaching either same state
or the downstate, okay?
Under the left action.
So if the ANOT is a left action,
my next state can be either zero or three.
On the other hand, if I consider another thing,
like I have taken the right hand side action on the state
of zero, I may be reaching the states called one here,
or I may be coming back to zero, or I may be going to three.
So next it can be zero, one, or three. Okay?
So I'm not changing the policy, that means
I'm not changing the direction of action here.
This direction of action, I'm not changing.
So as a result of, uh, I mean
because the slippery environment, you may be landing up
to any other next state at a one itself, okay?
So if you choose your next date is zero, then your
tral is going to be zero, left again, zero.
So this is going to be one episode like
that you can roll out one episode.
You don't have to change the direction of your policy,
direction of your action.
You can get multiple values of the next state itself.
That is going to give you a new episode all the time.
That is how I like this tau one can be like this tau two
here instead of zero, you are taking one state tau three,
you can take the state number three as
the replacement of S one.
So here had come three coming up.
So every time you are getting new states for all
of those episode under the particular policy,
you find out the reward, okay?
Then sum up the reward by averaging for every episode.
So that is your expected sum of discounted reward.
Now, once you were expected sum
of discounted reward is finalized, then you can,
you are allowed to change the direction of this action
to get a new policy
after that which action,
uh, I mean which action a particular state is
to be increased.
That is what is the objective here before doing that.
Hmm, sir, in that diagram you had a, a zero, A,
you had a zero, a, a two, A one,
A two in the style one if you see.
Mm-hmm. So which means that we have changed the action also.
No, no, no. This a zero remains the
same at the state of zero.
It is right side. Mm-hmm.
That's why I have not, I've just kept it a zero here,
here also a zero.
Oh, this, A zero is already defined under this
policy. It is right hand side,
Right?
And okay, so basically the what when you said
that we are not changing the actions for this policy,
then we are taking those, those arrows
marked in that diagram.
Those are the actions and we are sticking to that action.
Yeah, you are sticking to, according
to this error policy, that
Policy, okay?
However, your next step can be anything
because of slippery environment,
Right? Okay.
So when you roll out one episode,
you may be getting this episode,
you roll out another episode,
you'll be getting this episode.
Mm-hmm. Okay? Every episode is having equal probability.
No one is having any partiality, okay?
So for every episode you're going
to get some kind of return.
So that return, suppose you have rolled out,
rolled out this episode at the end,
you may not be going to the goal state.
In that case, your return is zero under this
particular environment, okay?
So in that case, all of these, uh, action
that you have taken, you are not going to
increase the probability, not decrease the probability
remain as it is, okay?
Suppose you have reached the destination.
In that case you are getting a positive reward.
So on that particular time, you are going to do a
gradient update of your actions.
That is, you have to increase the probability
of those actions that has led you
to reach in the final state.
Okay? Suppose the state
before this that you are ending up, supposed
because of some, uh, some kind of episode, you are reaching
to this state and I'm giving a reward of minus one.
That means I'm penalizing you.
In that case, you must reduce the probability associated
to this aot A one, A two in proportion
to the reward that you are losing.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
That is what is called gradient update in this mechanism,
because we don't have a explicit formula
to find out your relation
of your action and your reward.
So we don't have any formula, so we are not going
to find out any gradient like, uh, faster or derivative.
So what we're doing in proportion to your reward, uh,
increment or decrement in proportion to that, you are going
to either increase the probability
or decrease the priority of action.
Sir, an episode means trajectory.
Yes. Right? Right? Correct. Okay.
Um, like in most of the cases, trajectory means,
suppose we are having some kind of, um, missile that we, uh,
trajectory talks about that that missile
or any kind of satellite,
whenever it is taking off, it follows a,
uh, guided path.
Yes, that guided path that is called traject,
and if there is a deviation from the guided path, then we
get to know that our mission is going to failing.
Okay? Like same terminology used
here, okay?
So this is what is called your return, return
for the episode of tau.
This is for one episode.
Like that you have multiple episode for every episode,
you have to get this return.
Do the averaging operation that aging is called,
is expectation taken over all possible
episode, okay?
This is called trajectory also, which is written as Tao.
Okay? So this has already been told to you many times.
You can find out this one.
Let me share this one with you,
with you chat window.
Uh, someone has already shared it. Yeah.
So go to unit four. It is policy gradient.
Somebody has already shared it. Okay, fine. Good.
Okay. So this, this means that you are going
to find out there expected sum
of discounted reward for that.
Basically, this is the, this is the reward
for the episode called Tao,
and what is the probability of choosing that episode?
That probability is called probability of Tao given theater.
Okay? So this is a requirement. Why?
Because you need to compute this or computing this.
You need to, this is a mathematical relation
between the first expression, the second expression, okay?
Now from this, they're forming that you have
to find out the gradient of gradient of jta.
For that you need gradient of this quantity.
So gradient of this quantity is written again,
with this multiplied by gradient of log of this term.
That is what they have replaced it here.
This one, basically the gradient is going to be like this.
This will become gradient of log
of this term, okay?
Now this, this gradient computation is very, very difficult.
It's what? That there are many
approximation algorithm given.
So this is the first, uh,
approximation algorithm is called reinforce.
So reinforce what they have given is basically,
let me show you that.
So in very, very crude manner,
you compute the reward for a
episode, okay?
And this reward is computed for every state manner, okay?
Every state you are taking action.
You may have reward, you may not have reward,
but the final state definitely has some kind of reward.
So for most of the cases, we don't have reward.
It'll be multiply by jro only.
This town au is computed as a sum
of every step reward, right?
This every step, step by step,
you are going to get a reward.
For most this reward remains jro,
only the last state has some reward.
However, this gradient of this log probability of
A given s and the time t.
So this part is going to very difficult for us
to know, okay?
And the objective of policy gradient is basically
if the final reward that you're getting,
the reward is positive, then you have to change the value
of this with a higher value.
The final reward is negative.
Then you have to reduce the probability of this
with lower value.
This higher value and lower value by
how much adjustment you're going to do that is going
to be proportion of your, uh, this sum
of discounted reward, okay?
And you have to update your neur network weight
with the gradient ascent,
which last class I have told you we have to do plus
of alpha multiplied by this gradient operator.
This is the gradient operator, okay?
And this t stands for the timestamp within eight episode.
Your episode might be having capital T number of timestamp.
So you're starting your game from
0 1, 2, 3, up to capital T.
So T is flowing from zero all the way to up to capital T.
Okay? And,
and here, this is called Montecarlo
Montecarlo policy gradient
because at every episode
that you have considered is R tau, IR tai, basically
what I episode
and that I episode whatever reward you have obtained, okay?
That you do the submission for every IH episode.
So I basically stands for the index of your episode.
So this is how many episode you have, one, two, M,
you have aim, number of episode, every episode,
reward whatever you are getting.
You do the submission divide by total number of episodes,
and this is called Monte, called estimation.
Okay? So here is a policy gradient, theodor, which
I have already done it, plain paper
and think everything is written on here, okay?
Same thing, whatever I have done.
So Now I will show you the reinforce algorithm
Inforce.
So Lillian, when this website, one of the most,
uh, detailed, uh, blogging,
she makes basic Chinese.
So this is again, proof of policy, gradient theorem,
which you can, whatever I have derived it is given here also
with the proper explanation is given.
Here, you can read on your own.
I'm going to reinforce algorithm.
This is called inforce algorithm.
This algorithm was proposed by the father figure
of reinforcement learning.
There are two authors, bra, and
then I have to teach you actor critic, that's it.
Then policy grad and okay, and then, uh, PP algorithm.
So what is this reinforced algorithm?
So this is also known as Monte Caldo policy gradient.
So it is very, very simple algorithm that
this is the normal operation that we all have to do,
okay? That is basically
This, uh,
You can correlate this and this easily,
What is it?
This grad, the gradient of this JTA is
the sum over gradient
of this term multiplied by rau.
Okay?
This one Au multi au basically your gain,
I mean reward, okay?
So that is what is given au multiplied by gradient of this
lock probability of action given state.
Okay? Now to do that,
so you can initialize your policy
parameter randomly first steps.
Second step is you generate one projectile,
one random projectile you generate.
Okay? Now, after that,
after that, for this projectile, it is the first episode
that you have generated like that you're going to do
multiple episodes, okay?
For every episode, you have to do this, this small T stands
for the small, T stands for it is stepping
through the total number of states
inside your environment, okay?
Like you have S one, S two, all the way up
to is capital T.
So you have capital T number
of states within the environment.
So you're stepping through every states.
That is what they want to say,
Okay?
So estimate the return, the return that is available
after every action that you take.
That is called gt.
It is gt for most of the case,
GT will be zero only when you go to the last state,
then only you get some positive
or negative value for the gt.
Okay? Then the next step is the policy update.
So policy update is basically what it is saying that
at every action that you do,
whatever reward you are getting based on that, so
you do this gumma power of T, that is your discount.
You're applying at every times step T multiplied
by your reward.
That is available to you at every time. Step action.
If this reward is zero for most of the cases,
then this part will not contribute anything at all.
Okay? Only for the last date it is going to be happening.
So after that, the next time is this gradient
of log of this thing,
Okay?
Now, this gradient term is impossible to compute.
So what they say, they say
that just you forget about this gradient term.
You just take this part alone, Just take locked probability
of a givenness and it become ready.
It'll take long amount of time
because you are, instead of taking gradient, you are.
So whenever you take gradient, your value will reduce.
If you don't take gradient, your value will be higher.
So naturally you have a large error, you can reduce a error.
If you do this operation for, uh, thousands
and thousands of iteration, then only this
will be getting f uh, refined value.
Okay? So that is what is not,
is not much critical, okay?
You understand we are not going to, we don't have
that much capacity to do this gradient of this thing.
So just take lock prob of this thing.
So what does it literally translate to in physical way?
That is at every time you take action,
if the reward is available to you, then based on the reward,
if the GT is zero, then this term be ing the GT is negative.
So your theta parameter will be
reducing the probability reducing.
I mean, your theta update is going
to be on the reduction side
because this action has resulted to a negative result.
Okay? If the action has resolved, that action is a given,
is if the action has resulted to a positive result, then in
that case you have
to increase the probability of your action.
So your probability of action is represented
by your theater parameters.
So they will do this plus operation in that case. Okay?
Now I'll show you the inforce algorithm here
I have written down.
So this is the collab.
So here I will show you where is that happening?
So this is for Cardpool environment, okay?
This Cardpool game, you already know
Cardpool game is basically there is a, uh,
there is a pole you can think of like there is a pain here.
Like I have a pain here. You already know this, right?
This is a pain here.
This pain, if I give up my another hand,
so this will not stand like this, okay?
So there is a pole which is on a cart.
The pole is basically oscillating.
If the pole is oscillating less than 30
degree, then it is fine.
If it is more 30 degree, you are lost.
Again, your cart is moving in the x axis direction,
positive meaning it is moving.
As the movement is going on, the pole is oscillating.
So that is what the game is.
So for this game, I have already shown you how to do this
by own deep queue learning, okay?
This game, we are going to do it
by using this inforce algorithm, the inforce
in every reinforcement learning,
what is our objective is to learn the policy.
Policy means at every state.
That means at every position of your card,
what is the action he should take?
He has, uh, what kind of actions either
move this side or move this side based.
So if you move this side naturally your pole will be
falling back that side, okay?
If you move farther, it'll fall back like that.
So you should not move too much on the same reaction,
meaning the moment it has fallen back,
if you move this side, then it'll be by the opposite side,
uh, action reaction mode.
It'll be going towards, it'll be
tilted towards that, like that.
It'll be balancing out.
So at every state, it has to find out
what action he's going to take.
That is the job, okay?
So along with that, along with the movement detection,
and there's something called velocity of movement
and the angular velocity of your pole.
These are the four actions, uh, four uh, states possible.
Okay? So, so we have a neural network
that we are configuring here.
We have two layers. It is accepting four, four
dimension is four in the neural uh, network.
First layer, it is taking that into 64 number
of layers here, okay?
They applying a activation.
Then from 64 number of dimension
of neuron, it is coming down to action space.
Okay? So
that means it is basically mapping between your state.
Your state is having four dimension
from state to action space.
This is a neural net. So we are going to now do the stepping
that is basically we are going to train our neural network.
So for every neural network training, you need to have a
cost function that you're going to maximize
or minimize, okay?
The cost function here is nothing
but geo theta.
So geo theta is basically what this expected value
of this term that is a J.
The this is a J, the expected value
of without the gradient
operation expected value of this term.
Okay? So we have to run now, right?
So when you are doing the stepping through,
first we reset it to initial state
that when we are starting from the initial state.
So then we are making this to be torch, uh,
torch variable, let is called tiner, okay?
So then after that we are going
to store all the action state reward.
So now we are starting this, that this tape stands for
how many episode you want
to run, okay?
This is how many episode within an episode you are
taping through all the states.
So that is this, this while loop, okay?
So within an episode, what you are doing,
you are asking the neural network to take a action.
So that is why you're calling the neural network
to take a action for a given state.
The state is obvious, whatever.
So you are going to get the probability
of your action, okay?
So then you are using this categorical.
This is basically to find out the distribution.
Suppose you have the probabilities,
then you can use this categorical function
to turn them into a probability distribution.
And then this distribution function is coming from this
basically categorical.
This categorical we are already having, right? Yeah.
So this is a tot within the tot you have
this distribution class.
Within that you have categorical, okay?
If you call this categorical, the input for the categorical,
if you provide a, that is a probability, it'll turn them
to a distribution function.
From this distribution function. You can call this function.
This function is readily available within the torch.
This is not our user defined function.
It is readily available.
So you can call sample function available within
the distribution.
It'll give you the sample. What is sample?
Sample is basically what action you should take. Okay?
So you have got your action now under this state,
it is giving you what action you must take, okay?
Now, if you give this action to the stepping function
of your environment, it'll give you the next
state under that action.
So the next state is stored over here,
observation under spot, this reward terminated,
all the things are there, okay?
So then after you are basically appending all
of your actions that you have already
got from your neural network.
You are appending all the states that you are observing
from your neural network and all, okay?
After that, this is what is your computation of your reward?
Discounted, discounted return.
What is the formula for discounted return?
That formula is not shown over here. Not shown over here.
Actually, they also did not
write the formula for that.
I, so the formula is basically
gamma, the power of
k, K is basically what?
K is basically your every timestamp within that
capital T number of total number
of states possible inside a episode.
Okay? So you are taking this
discount, multi uh, discount to the power of your states
that you have gone into the future multiplied,
but the reward available for that particular, for
that particular state do the summation.
That means the sum of our come up, RK multiplied by R. Okay?
So that is your uh, reward for
that particular timestamp
and for every timestamp you are basically
appending your reward.
This one, this is basically nothing,
but this is one A that will have T number of elements.
Each of the elements says what is the reward for
that particular time?
What is the cumulative reward for that particular time state
After that, now we are going to do this.
This is where we're doing the gradient update.
So we have formulated, uh,
we have filled up our state action and discounted rewards.
The states are coming out of what this
look at this while loop is going
to run till you have not reached your terminal state.
So that means every time you are hitting a new state,
you are storing the, and you are storing the reward.
Once you have completed one episode,
then you have come out of this.
Then you are calculating what is the total amount
of reward you have accumulated in every timestamp manner.
This is the area that will track at every timestamp manner
what is the total reward.
Uh, got it. Okay?
Now you have basically a area
for the state area four action.
And then, so this action is not going to be
a two dimensional matters, going to a singular
because what every state you have taken one action which has
come up from this experience, okay?
This action basically getting append, that is basically your
experienced episode.
So under that experienced episode, what is your total amount
of discounted reward you have got that is stored here.
Okay? So we are getting from here
and then we are now
sending this state information to the neural network.
Neural network is giving some probability
because it'll give you the probability for the action
that you must take it, okay?
Then you use the categorical distribution
to turn them into prob distribution.
This will give you the log probability of that action
and this log probability need to multiply with the return
that is for each and every time state, okay?
For each and every, we are not doing any submission here.
Look at you. Uh, yeah.
So this, this loss function that we're con computing,
this loss function is basically so loss minus
of this second, so is by c*m cumulative loss.
So this loss is computed for every timestamp, whatever
the contribution coming from the calculation of G,
which is multiplied by its own log probability,
like this formula itself is the lock probability.
Look at, we're not taking gradient here.
This is lock probability we're taking multiplied by
at every timestamp, what is the reward I have got.
So this is what we are doing this, okay?
And do that in a cumulative manner, okay?
After that, you are doing this normal gradient
step of your toch by toch mechanism.
You set the zero gradient for the optimizer,
then you do lost dot backward.
Then you do this, okay?
So this is the training part on training part is over.
Then after what you do, then
after you have already made your new network trained.
So it is a frozen network now, so in the frozen network,
if you give the input, what is your present state?
It'll give you what is the action you must take.
You put that action into the environment again,
you get a new state for every new state you are going to put
that into again, back to your neural network.
It'll roll out all the based,
I mean at every address,
and you'll be going to get a improved policy, okay?
And this is what it is. Show you like this.
So let me run this.
Some next steps missed 5,000 episode is going to run.
So approximately it has not taking that much amount of time.
So look at this part is only training part, okay?
Here is a training happening.
So what is the output? You are getting the reward.
It is sometimes increasing,
it is decreasing and this reward has been shown
for only five times.
We can increase this to let's
say 20 times.
Okay? So for every time, this reward is not going
to be increasing all the time
because it is
the state that you are drawing.
Every time You give a
initial state here, then it'll produce the probability
for the actions under that state.
Then when you give this probability, that means the actions
that you are giving to the step function
of your environment, it'll return the new, new state.
This new state is generated from your
environment, okay?
This is not generated by your neural network,
your neur data only given any particular state.
What will be the probability of outta four possible actions?
What action you must choose.
Okay? So this
is reinforce algorithm.
On the next day I will teach you this part.
It's called act critic, and
after that we'll be getting into the, this part,
I may not be able to touch it
because a lack of time is called
as synchronous advantage activity.
Then I will get into basically proximal policy, optimizing
not all of them, p, PO, I'll get into p, p
and TR, PO, TRP and PP.
This PPO is basically implemented in
charge GPT version two on
if possible, I will show you one example of how to generate,
um, how to use PPO
to generate a LLM, okay?
The sentence generation
sentence completion by using PPO for
making a LLM if time is there.
So do you guys have any courts called LLM in this semester?
No sir. No sir.
So what are the courts you're having this semester?
Deep learning. Deep learning
and this one deep learning.
I
And one data science lab
And deep learning, reinforcement learning, ai,
lab and research.
So what,
Oh, you have AI systems lab something, right?
Yeah. AI labs On Saturday you have four,
five hours of lab.
Yes, sir. Including practical, sir.
Okay. AI lab.
You have then deep learning for deep learning.
There's no lab,
Uh, no, uh, we don't have similar, uh, similar to you.
Uh, they are sir is also sharing notebook,
which we practice, sir.
Oh, actually your AI lab takes
care of deep learning, I think.
Yeah. AI lab. It's ml. ML algorithms.
Yeah, only ml. This same
And few initial classes were related
to binary research algorithms and those
Or AI system lab.
Yes, banner research
and it was first search optimization algorithms,
two three AI algorithms.
Initial class was there.
After that many ML algorithm
classification algorithms, we are coming.
Okay, so the LLM is going
to come next semester. Then
I think next semester is agent ai.
No, third semester agent is in fourth.
Fourth it is. No. Then LLM is in third semester, right?
We need I need to in
Third. It's in third.
Yeah.
So in that case, whatever I'm teaching is going
to be more advanced for you guys then.
Yes, sir. It is looking like that only
because we are kind of,
You are not, uh, in that stage to catch this thing.
Yeah. But anyhow, I don't know about all other courses.
That's whatever the standard, uh, syllabus,
standard topic for person app teaching them.
Okay? Uh,
another course like, uh, autonomous system is going
to be in which semester?
Next se Third semester. Fourth semester.
I need to check actually,
I think autonomous system is not there in this
service, but I need to check.
Yes, sir. We don't remember this.
Yes, I don't think it's there. Okay.
No, actually the like, uh,
your deep learning after that must have
generative ai.
Then only you get into LLM.
After you get into LLM,
then you must get into reinforcement learning.
Yes. Okay.
Okay. So if you don't have any question,
then I can close to this class.
So 24 is the time now,
Sir, you'll give us this link.
We'll try to read. We don't guarantee
whether we'll understand.
Ah, I'll give this, uh,
I'll give you the chat window.
Huh? You stored everything?
Yeah, sir.
The next sim we have prompt engineering, LLM
and uh, generate two a applications
Prompting LM add, Generate two A applications.
That is one credit course.
Oh, okay. Okay. Both sim, we have agent K.
Oh, and what about autonomous system? Is it there?
No, no, no, sir.
I was thinking it might be there.
If it is there, then I may take it. That's why I'm asking.
But the problem is autonomous system is much more
difficult course than this.
All. What do you see itself is one
of the toughest course then?
Okay, I have sent you this, uh, link. Okay.
You just, uh, save it on your everybody's browser.
Yes, sure, sir. Notebook. Also,
This also has notebook.
If you click it, they'll give you notebook.
Yeah, sure.
China is doing amazing job. I am wondering.
Yeah, sir.
And now they're accepting for their PhDs.
They don't want thesis, they want working products,
which will improve China's state. Ah,
Yes. Yes.
So yeah, Look at, uh huh
They're redoing their education system also,
sir, from scratch.
Mm-hmm. But look
at how the, uh,
And when 1989, yeah, they had a,
I think oh three LA students has been
crossed under the tanks
and it's called the man square massacre.
Mm. In 1989, it happened
not too much far away time.
The, the man square,
they had three left student has been crossed
to death by tanks.
Whether it is 1989, I'm not sure.
Yes, sir. For pro, pro democracy protest,
Which year it is 1989. Yeah.
Uh, so look At, and now you see,
And now if you see that after that, see,
after that this America, western media, they have,
uh, raised this bogey against China,
that China is going back to, uh, uh, what is that called?
Pre-human era and all, all this and whatever they can say.
But within a span of 30 years, China has emerged
to a strong contender of us.
In 1944,
when the second World War was in the peak,
China was under the occupation of Japan, the eastern China,
the most prosperous cities of China, adding the eastern side
of China, Eastern in the south China.
See, if you look at the Vietnam side,
Vietnam and this side, right?
Thailand, Cambodia, all those area,
Eastern China is more economically prosperous
than the Western China.
Western China is basically Mongolia side, not part of China.
Mon separate country. So China is a very past country.
This is three times bigger than us,
but they have done it very well.
Whereas we are lagging further going down
because of all constitutional
reservation classism.
Okay? So you go through this, uh, uh,
blog, very, very well written blog by Lillian Wayne
for every topic of machine learning to deep learning to
LLM, everything will get it under this
person's Lillian Wayne.
Okay? So we can, it's specifically for policy gradient.
So not this one is for policy gradient alone. Yes.
This is for policy grad alone. Okay.
You can type in Google the topic name.
Lillian Wayne, you will get everything. Yes.
Whatever. I have spoken in my mouth, right?
I am reading their things.
Then I'm explaining from their side on,
okay, so we can end into this class.
Yes, sure. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you.